I'm looking forward to going insane.
Worms are so extremely intense during the day.
- Just a run from it.
- Run from him?
That's what we've always done.
Freya. I've packed tents and skins,
so if we find flowers ...
Don't join.
Yes. And with goat's milk we avoid
wounds in our hands when we rent.
Olav!
Should he join?
Yes. Worm is the main goddess.
But he should not fly in your legs.
Worm, you know what? You have to lead
the senior battalion in this battle.
-What? Should the girl lead us?
-Yes.
There is some miscommunication.
I stay in the tent and clear and arrange.
But now you have to give it a try.
It will be so good, Orm!
Now wait a minute. It is not safe
that it's such a bad idea.
Worm is the least experienced after all
the warrior throughout Norheim.
Who is better to lead us
to the safe death than Orm?
Although I have
a couple of good years again -
- that's my last chance
to die with dignity.
And not peaceful in a bed
with friends and loved ones around me.
-He's our ticket to Valhall.
-For Orm!
Arvid, think we're going on a trip together.
It is fun.
That was about time.
I certainly invited you
for at least a hundred nights, -
- but then you have never been able to.
But now we did it. Full flap.
I'm looking crazy
to see you in contention.
Fight and fight, you solve well
inconsistencies verbally.
No, we solve
most conflicts of power.
But in most cases
one talks through it.
Take it here, you.
Nothing is more beautiful than a stroke.
No, this will be fine, Varg.
This day
it must be chanted forever.
When Norway learned to abide
too good to spread rumors -
- about that individuals
has become thin in the hair!
- Is that what we're about to fight here?
- Oh yes, so absolutely.
Either way, you just don't say that.
Then you go in person and not matter,
and it's not okay. Bad style.
Really unfinished.
Jarl Bjørn!
Your pig fur!
Smart move to lead
all piglets to the slaughterhouse!
Hush! Hush! I hear
not a word of what he says!
What?
Should burn your ugly hair!
And your dickskin
should I stretch and dry and make ...
-I hear nothing.
-No ...
Orphans!
You have to talk louder!
I don't hear a crack!
Hush, hush, he says something.
... your hairless whore!
I can not hear what you're saying!
You need to speak louder ...
You're too far away!
Voice usage does not match the distance!
This becomes too impractical.
Come on, Dog.
He wants to talk.
You don't want me to
take care of the talk?
I certainly won't.
- Do you think it will take a long time?
- It takes the time it takes.
Because we were in front of the army, I saw
couldn't pee until we stepped forward.
So now it's pretty precarious.
I just let it go in my pants, me.
Then I don't have to think about it anymore.
(Pee Sounds)
There!
Bear, Bear, Bear.
So sad.
My best friend became my worst enemy.
Your goodness, your humanity, your whole
Your personality certainly stuck in your hair.
-A stubborn version of yourself.
-You are a stubborn version of you!
Had I been like you, I had
pointed out how ugly your burn is!
But I don't.
I rise above personal attacks.
I'll give you a chance to save
the lives of thousands of innocents.
All I demand is an apology.
-To lay your toad.
-I apologize?
It is me who is
the offended party here.
Wolf, you burned and killed the whole thing
my relatives. You disfigured my face.
It's a little more serious
than a little comment about hair loss.
There were concerns about my inability.
- My hair was outstanding.
- No, not unique.
Yes!
Until you sabotage it!
You had a beginning moon.
Depart from here to Helheim.
I just pointed out the obvious.
Everyone saw it. Yes.
How should your hair loss
be my mistake?
It will be easy.
You said I had become ...
Thin in the string.
This led to a stress reaction.
And it started a process -
- that made ...
... that my hair just fell out.
There were trolls in words!
There were trolls in words.
And that was your fault.
It is nothing
called "troll in words", Varg.
- Is there no troll in words?
-No.
What about dragons?
Do you believe in dragons?
What?
You? Did you say that with dragons
because we have a dragon on our team?
-Yes.
-Correct.
And you planned that reply
all the way, or did you improvise now?
One hundred percent script-based. One so
great replica is impossible to improvise.
So good. I'm just trying to learn a little.
One day maybe I'll be earl.
It is okay
to be able to do the tricks.
It is never going to happen.
Just forget it.
Yes.
What's up?
What do we do now?
Now we wait for the dragon.
On the dragon?
Yes. It's my secret weapon.
And it will burn by the whole army
Jarl Bjørn without losing one man.
OK.
- So that's our plan?
-Yes.
I really never have
believed in dragons, i.
I have to admit
that I thought dragons were fabulous animals.
-Did you see it with your own eyes?
-No.
But I've seen drawings of it.
I know what it's capable of.
-But you haven't seen it, somehow?
- It was violent then.
No, I haven't seen it.
But as I said:
I have seen
extremely fine drawings of it.
I'll take a look over there.
Yes, then we go
and look for a dragon.
-Drag ...
-OK.
-Jarl Varg.
- So there you are finally, dragon lady.
-You spent your time.
- It's no use stressing a dragon.
-When will it come?
-No, well, she should be here now.
But she's safe here
every moment.
I'm starting to lose
the belief in this dragon.
You can't say to a dragon
an exact time.
Can you tell your horse that it must
stay home exactly until midnight?
No, animals don't
the time perspective that we have.
-There!
-Where?
There!
No, it's just an eagle or something.
Sorry.
- It's a seagull.
-Sorry.
So you think you can
humiliate me with your lies?
-What do you mean?
-Keep me for fun with drawings?
-False expectations?
-Seriously?
- The dragon doesn't exist, does it?
- Wear is fine. Trust me.
You can just forget that! I have all-
nest been failed once too much!
Look!
- There it is. Behind you.
-Don't turn around!
She has kept us for fun enough.
I'm putting down a reverse ban!
- Just turn around, it's right behind you.
-No, this is an order!
-What's wrong with you?
-Don't turn around!
- Turn around, then.
- Tighten the bows!
Hi Hi Hi ...
This is too stupid.
Turn around, it's behind you.
We don't turn around!
Now it is a matter of principle.
This is almost like in Æsop,
just the opposite.
Turn around,
then you see that I speak true.
No!
Shoot!
There, the teats punctured. Poff.
It's a little important to ask,
because if there is a rule on it ...
My whole plan is useless.
We're going to go for it
a good old fashioned design.
-Despe-stroke?
-Storming with weapons in hand.
Piercing impact. Bowels that are ripped out
of bodies, lots of screaming and death.
A classic
unclear Middle Ages -
- where you hardly
sees the difference between friend and foe.
Is it allowed to go berserk?
- Is it allowed to get a little wild?
- Oh, it's allowed to get lost.
It is allowed to get very wild.
- Then we will.
-Go ahead.
-Innsmett?
What if I lead the senior battalion
through the forest there -
- and comes out the back
Jarl Bjorn's army? A rubbish maneuver?
-You are thinking of a flank maneuver?
-Yes. Just. Ten points for you.
Well thought out, Orm.
Well thought out.
-I am very sorry for that.
-Very good initiative.
Senior Battalion, you join Orm!
Do you notice?
The race step pulses somewhat violently.
As if the heartbeats
down there, -
- as if the heart is down in the middle-
meat. Then there is a fighting situation.
-Do they notice it too?
-No.
-I know nothing about the perineum.
-Your race step is just the thing.
Either way is not the right time
or place to investigate it now.
Follow me.
Now it should be flanked!
We can't stop now!
We must get behind Jarl Bjørn.
Do not breathe.
Then we are put out of play.
And a little tired warrior
is a dead warrior.
- I think we should be taken to the right.
- No, just follow me.
- We are farther away now.
-We don't hear the battle anymore.
In the forest you can be fooled by the sound.
Everything is closer than you think.
-No, it is not.
- Yes, in the forest it is like that. Follow me.
(Bird Acknowledge)
See!
-A squirrel.
-So what?
Fast! Find some nuts for it.
Why in the world
Shall we feed a squirrel now?
I have a creeping feeling
that it will be crucial.
-This is just buzz.
- Oddvar, I'm leading the battalion.
All together, I command you:
Find nuts now.
Stop.
Save his piss. Jarl Bjørn is mine.
Orm. I said yes
that we should be taken to the right.
Hindsight is
the world's most accurate science.
Now we could sit at the table
in cheerful passion with Tor and Odin.
Would Odin have had you at the table,
had you been sitting there.
-You should lead us to the battle.
- Then Odin intervened, because he does.
He is Odin and does so. He
intervenes when needed for the intervention.
Jogrim?
Geir Tore!
Geir Tore?
Brynjar?
Brynjar, are you here?
Haldor?
Haldor, are you ...
How do you know you're not
do people on our team kill now?
We don't exactly have uniforms.
Do not know.
I recognize our guys.
-Do you recognize 20.000 men like that?
-Yes.
You then?
-Is it you who killed him, right?
- If I killed him? No.
-Why do you ask?
-Good. It's Gisle, namely.
We usually go on trips together.
And other occasions throughout the year.
Christmas tables and things like that.
But in ... Someone's got the cut
the piss off he too! Who does that?
I don't know, I do.
Look at that.
Harald?
I've just walked into my own world
and run the sword in everything that moves.
I thought everyone who was like that,
were ours -
- and those who were like that,
was on Jarl Bjorn's team.
Me too.
It's kind of wrong, now, then.
- Hi, Frøya, girlfriend.
-Orm? You managed?
Jeps.
I didn't see it coming.
Good work.
Not without scrapes. You have not
been in contention before bleeding from the feet.
Great to get their first battle scar.
-That's a nagging year.
- That's your truth.
- In my truth, it's a battle scar.
-Oh well.
Think about it, Frøya,
we have participated in battles together.
It is very, very romantic
and at the same time very barbaric.
- Now we're brothers in contention.
-How did the flanking go?
Good. Good.
They never saw us coming.
Good.
You have to get everything out here,
so it doesn't start to smell.
When you get a wife,
then shut up ...
Hi!
A tyrant is overturned!
A bully is cleared of the way.
My wife's indirect killer
has finally become my prisoner.
And this must be celebrated
with a guild in Vargnes!
We had really started to think
on the chorus, vi. We have some sores.
- Would have been nice to get home.
-That is an order!
-Of course.
-The guild begins tomorrow.
-Greit!
- Then we'll just unpack again, you guys!
- Really detour to go to ...
-Do not say anything.
We can't even wash ourselves.
Hopeless.
Now I feel like our relationship
begins to take shape.
You think so?
We are a couple like that
all other couples are envious of.
But anyway,
now it's time for some cuddling.